On Demand products processed by HyP3 can be requested quickly and easily, either by
using the [Vertex web interface](#web-access "Jump to Web Access section") 
or [programmatically](#programmatic-access "Jump to Programmatic Access section"). 
These services are currently only available for 
[Sentinel-1 datasets](sentinel1.md "Sentinel-1 Mission" ){target=_blank}.

Different HyP3 job types consume different credit amounts. In 
[HyP3 Basic](about/hyp3_basic.md "Jump to HyP3 Basic Documentation"), 
users are allotted 10,000 credits per month for free. Refer to the
[Credits page](using/credits.md "Jump to the Credits documentation page") 
for more information. 

If you do not have enough credits to generate all the products you need for your 
project, you can purchase additional credits in [HyP3+](about/hyp3_plus.md "Jump to HyP3+ Documentation").

<!-- TODO TOOL-2787: uncomment this block and update snippet language if we ever decide to require that new users 
request access to HyP3 Basic:
{% include 'application-snippet.md' %}
-->

### Authentication

HyP3 users must authenticate with 
[Earthdata Login (EDL)](https://urs.earthdata.nasa.gov/ "https://urs.earthdata.nasa.gov/" ){target=_blank} 
credentials before they can submit jobs to HyP3 (either HyP3 Basic or HyP3+) for processing or access information 
about the resulting [On Demand products](products.md "hyp3-docs.asf.alaska.edu/products"). Refer to our 
[Authentication](using/authentication.md "Jump to Authentication Documentation") page for guidance.

### Web Access 

ASF's Data Search Vertex portal provides a rich interface to explore Sentinel-1
acquisitions and find images to submit for On Demand processing. It also provides
tools for selecting pairs and stacks for InSAR analysis.

* [Vertex](using/vertex.md "Using Vertex")

### Programmatic Access
Requesting and downloading On Demand products can also be done programmatically:

* [HyP3 SDK for Python](using/sdk.md "Using SDK")
* [HyP3 REST API](using/api.md "Using API")

### HyP3 API REST Endpoints

The [HyP3 API REST Endpoints](using/api.md "Jump to Using HyP3 API Documentation") 
are different for HyP3 Basic and HyP3+. Even though the same 
[EDL username](using/authentication.md#earthdata-login-edl "Jump to Earthdata Login Documentation") 
can be used to process On Demand products in 
[HyP3 Basic](about/hyp3_basic.md "Jump to HyP3 Basic Documentation") and 
[HyP3+](about/hyp3_plus.md "Jump to HyP3+ Documentation") 
deployments, you will not be able to search for products across both APIs. 

If you generate products for a single project using both the 
[HyP3 Basic](about/hyp3_basic.md "Jump to HyP3 Basic Documentation") 
and [HyP3+](about/hyp3_plus.md "Jump to HyP3+ Documentation") deployments, 
you will need to use two separate searches to access all of your products, even if the project names are the same, 
when using [Vertex](using/vertex.md "Jump to Using Vertex Documentation") or the 
[HyP3 API](using/api.md "Jump to Using HyP3 API Documentation").

When using the [HyP3 SDK for Python](using/sdk.md "Jump to Using HyP3 SDK Documentation"), you can combine your results 
into one list using the following approach:
```
import hyp3_sdk as sdk
hyp3 = sdk.HyP3()
hyp3_plus = sdk.HyP3('https://hyp3-plus.asf.alaska.edu')
jobs = hyp3.find_jobs(...)
jobs += hyp3_plus.find_jobs(...)
jobs.download_files()
```

### Public Visibility of Jobs

!!! warning

    All jobs submitted to HyP3, whether via web access or programmatic access, are publicly visible.
    Anyone with access to HyP3 can potentially:

    * View your jobs and associated metadata, including job name and user ID.
    * Download any products generated by your jobs.

    In particular, do not include any sensitive information in your job names.
